We ignore those who want us, want those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, and hurt those who love us.There's that one person you'll never get over no matter how long it's been.There is always that one person that pisses you off no matter what they say or do.It's hard to be "just friends" with someone that you're in love with.Everyone tells you that you deserve better but no one is willing to give it to you.Text me if you want. means... "I want you to text me."It all comes down to the last person you think of at night. That's where your heart is.The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone.It's not always easy, but that's life. Be strong. Know that there are better days ahead.Don't rush. Just wait for someone worth being in a relationship with, stop wasting your time on the one's who don't deserve you.The moment you give up is the moment you let someone else win.Stay positive. Stay humble. Stay YOU.We met for a reason, either you're a blessing or a lesson.Never be afraid of change. You may lose something good, but you may gain something even better.You can't remove the hurt, you can't remove those scars. What is done is done.Don't give up on love, because there is always someone who loves you. Even if it's not the person you were hoping for.Most people are lucky they can't hear what I'm thinking.I don't wish to be everything to someone but I would like to be something to someone.The person who really loves you isn't the person who sees you everyday, but the one who looks for you everyday.I'm not perfect, I make mistakes, I hurt people, but when I say sorry, I actually mean it.Don't give up on love, because there is always someone who loves you. Even if it's not the person you were hoping for.Not getting what you want can turn out to be the best thing for you.Friend know the best things for us, they'll keep your secret, they'll say the truth for you, but sometime they lie to make you feel better.If you love someone, let them go. If they come back, they're yours forever. If not, they were never yours to begin with.It's cute when someone stays up late just to talk to you.I think it's cute when couples act like bestfriends or when bestfriends act like couples.